[Music]
[Applause]
[Music] So good, so ...  This
is a retreat, a retreat, a
summer retreat.
This is a regular retreat, it's
very good. A summer retreat,
learning to cultivate love, overflowing with love,
practicing love. This is a
summer retreat, learning to cultivate love,
overflowing with love, practicing love. This
is a summer retreat.
[Music]
Love overflowing with love, practicing love. This
is an attractive summer retreat. A
vow of love, overflowing with
love, practicing love. This
is a summer retreat. Learning to cultivate
love, overflowing with love,
practicing love. This is an attractive summer retreat.
Cultivating love, overflowing with
love, practicing love. This is a
summer retreat.
[Music]
[Applause]